VoyageAI embeddings integration (#2502)
milvus-io/milvus-docs: site/en/integrations/integrate_with_voyageai.md

```python
import csv
import random
import voyageai
from pymilvus import connections, FieldSchema, CollectionSchema, DataType, Collection, utility
```

```python
# Extract the book titles
def csv_load(file):
    with open(file, newline='') as f:
        reader=csv.reader(f, delimiter=',')
        for row in reader:
            yield row[1]
```

With this, we're ready to move on to generating embeddings.

## Searching book titles with VoyageAI & Milvus

Here we can find the main parameters that need to be modified for running with your own accounts. Beside each is a description of what it is.

```python
FILE = './content/books.csv'  # Download it from https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/jealousleopard/goodreadsbooks and save it in the folder that holds your script.
COLLECTION_NAME = 'title_db'  # Collection name
DIMENSION = 1024  # Embeddings size
COUNT = 100  # How many titles to embed and insert.
MILVUS_HOST = 'localhost'  # Milvus server URI
MILVUS_PORT = '19530'

> MODEL_NAME = 'voyage-2'  # Which engine to use, please check https://docs.voyageai.com/docs/embeddings for available models

Reviewer: Nit, do you mean "Which model to use"?

> client = voyageai.Client(api_key="USE YOUR API KEY HERE")

Reviewer: what about `client = voyageai.Client(api_key="YOUR_VOYAGEAI_API_KEY")`?

```

> This segment deals with Milvus and setting up the database for this use case. Within Milvus, we need to set up a collection and index the collection. For more information on how to use Milvus, look [here](https://milvus.io/docs/example_code.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then we need to connect to Milvus vector database to store and search the vector embeddings. Within Milvus, we need to create a collection and set up the index. For more information on how to use Milvus, look [here](https://milvus.io/docs/example_code.md).
```

```python
# Connect to Milvus

> connections.connect(host=MILVUS_HOST, port=MILVUS_PORT)

Reviewer: We have recently changed the API to a more friendly `MilvusClient` interface. Let's keep the code here as is, and I'll draft a follow up PR to fix the code.

# Remove collection if it already exists
if utility.has_collection(COLLECTION_NAME):
    utility.drop_collection(COLLECTION_NAME)

# Create collection which includes the id, title, and embedding.
fields = [
    FieldSchema(name='id', dtype=DataType.INT64, descrition='Ids', is_primary=True, auto_id=False),
    FieldSchema(name='title', dtype=DataType.VARCHAR, description='Title texts', max_length=200),
    FieldSchema(name='embedding', dtype=DataType.FLOAT_VECTOR, description='Embedding vectors', dim=DIMENSION)
]
schema = CollectionSchema(fields=fields, description='Title collection')
collection = Collection(name=COLLECTION_NAME, schema=schema)

# Create an index for the collection.
# Create an index for the collection.
index_params = {
    'index_type': 'IVF_FLAT',
    'metric_type': 'L2',
    'params': {'nlist': 1024}
}
collection.create_index(field_name="embedding", index_params=index_params)
```

Once we have the collection setup we need to start inserting our data. This is in three steps: reading the data, embedding the titles, and inserting into Milvus.

```python
# Extract embedding from text using VoyageAI
def embed(text):
    response = client.embed(

>         texts=text,

Reviewer: maybe explain whether the input `text` is a string or a list of strings?

        model=MODEL_NAME
    )
    return response.embeddings[0]

# Insert each title and its embedding
for idx, text in enumerate(random.sample(sorted(csv_load(FILE)), k=COUNT)):  # Load COUNT amount of random values from dataset

>     ins=[[idx], [(text[:198] + '..') if len(text) > 200 else text], [embed(text)]]  # Insert the title id, the title text, and the title embedding vector

Reviewer: may explain why using the magic numbers 198 and 200?
